The Box Model : Everything in CSS is a Box !
Each box has differents propreties : 
    Content
    Padding
    Border
    Margin

width and height : set the width and the height of a elements

border : it's the border around the element.
    border-width : control the thickness
    border-color : control the color
    border-style : control the style (pointiller, ...)

    for border, px is often used because it's usually small
    box-sizing: set what is the size of the element (ex: border-box)

    each attribute have a variant with each side
    border: 4px dashed green (width style color)

    border-radius : make rounded corners to box.

Padding : espace entre le contenu et le bord, internal spacing
    métaphore : papier bulle qui recouvre le contenu dans la boite
    padding-left : 100px;
    padding: 10px; -> apply padding to all 4 side
    padding: 5px 10px; -> horizontal vertical
    padding: 1px 2px 2px -> top horizontal bottom
    padding: 5px 1px 0 2px -> top right bottom left (clock wise)

Margin : Spacing outside the border, social distance with other element
    margin : 10px
    margin: 5px 10px 
    ... it's the same as padding
    the body have margin, it can be usefull to first remove it

Display : 
    possible value (other are on MDN): inline block inline-block
    inline -> width and height are ignored, does not push elements
    bloc -> take space, width height isn't ignored ! all things are respected
    inline-block -> behave like a inline elements, but width, height, padding, margin are respected ! 
    none -> hide a element, is usefull with javascript

CSS Units : 
    Absolute : Use primaliry px.
    Relative : 
        % : always relative to some other value, percentage of somethings.
            relative to parents -> width : 50%
            relative to a values in the element -> line-height: 50% (relative to the elements font-size)
        ems : relative to another values, depend of the propreties
            font-size: 2em -> twice the parents font size
            margin : 1em -> 1em is the font size of the elements itself
            common issue with ems : they can stack (for nested list, the text grow expenentially bigger(or smaller))
        rems : Like ems but relative to the root of the html elements instead of parents.
            font-size : 0.8 rem;
            often, we will mix rems and ems depending of the situation
             






